246
erisinfo.com | Environmental Risk Information Services
Order No: 20170208162
Commercial Fuel Oil Tanks:
Provincial
rr-CFOT-bb
Since May 2002, Ontario developed a new act where it became mandatory for fuel oil tanks to be registered with Technical Standards & Safety Authority
(TSSA).  This data would include all commercial underground fuel oil tanks in Ontario with fields such as location, registration number, tank material, 
age of tank and tank size.
Government Publication Date: Oct 31, 2016 
Chemical Register:
Private
rr-CHEM-bb
This database includes information from both a one time study conducted in 1992 and private source and is a listing of facilities that manufacture or 
distribute chemicals.  The production of these chemical substances may involve one or more chemical reactions and/or chemical separation processes 
(i.e. fractionation, solvent extraction, crystallization, etc.).
Government Publication Date: Oct 31, 2016 
Compressed Natural Gas Stations:
Private
rr-CNG-bb
Canada has a network of public access compressed natural gas (CNG) refuelling stations. These stations dispense natural gas in compressed form at 
3,000 pounds per square inch (psi), the pressure which is allowed within the current Canadian codes and standards. The majority of natural gas 
refuelling is located at existing retail gasoline that have a separate refuelling island for natural gas. This list of stations is made available by the 
Canadian Natural Gas Vehicle Alliance.
Government Publication Date: Dec 31, 2012 
Inventory of Coal Gasification Plants and Coal Tar Sites:
Provincial
rr-COAL-bb
This inventory includes both the "Inventory of Coal Gasification Plant Waste Sites in Ontario-April 1987" and the Inventory of Industrial Sites Producing 
or Using Coal Tar and Related Tars in Ontario-November 1988) collected by the MOE. It identifies industrial sites that produced and continue to produce
or use coal tar and other related tars. Detailed information is available and includes: facility type, size, land use, information on adjoining properties, soil 
condition, site operators/occupants, site description, potential environmental impacts and historic maps available.  This was a one-time inventory.*
Government Publication Date: Apr 1987 and Nov 1988* 
Compliance and Convictions:
Provincial
rr-CONV-bb
This database summarizes the fines and convictions handed down by the Ontario courts beginning in 1989.  Companies and individuals named here 
have been found guilty of environmental offenses in Ontario courts of law.
Government Publication Date: 1989-Nov 2016 
Certificates of Property Use:
Provincial
rr-CPU-bb
This is a subset taken from Ontario's Environmental Registry (EBR) database.  It will include all CPU's on the registry such as (EPA s. 168.6) - 
Certificate of Property Use.
Government Publication Date: 1994-Dec 2016 
Drill Hole Database:
Provincial
rr-DRL-bb
The Ontario Drill Hole Database contains information on more than 113,000 percussion, overburden, sonic and diamond drill holes from assessment 
files on record with the department of Mines and Minerals.  Please note that limited data is available for southern Ontario, as it was the last area to be 
completed.  The database was created when surveys submitted to the Ministry were converted in the Assessment File Research Image Database 
(AFRI) project.  However, the degree of accuracy (coordinates) as to the exact location of drill holes is dependent upon the source document submitted 
to the MNDM.  Levels  of accuracy used to locate holes are: centering on the mining claim; a sketch of the mining claim; a 1:50,000 map; a detailed 
company map; or from submitted a "Report of Work".
Government Publication Date: 1886-Aug 2015 
Environmental Activity and Sector Registry:
Provincial
rr-EASR-bb
On October 31, 2011, a smarter, faster environmental approvals system came into effect in Ontario.  The EASR allows businesses to register certain 
activities with the ministry, rather than apply for an approval. The registry is available for common systems and processes, to which preset rules of 
operation can be applied.  The EASR is currently available for:  heating systems, standby power systems and automotive refinishing. Businesses whose
activities aren't subject to the EASR may apply for an ECA (Environmental Compliance Approval), Please see our ECA database.
Government Publication Date: Oct 2011-Nov 2016 
Environmental Registry:
Provincial
rr-EBR-bb
The Environmental Registry lists proposals, decisions and exceptions regarding policies, Acts, instruments, or regulations that could significantly affect 
the environment. Through the Registry, thirteen provincial ministries notify the public of upcoming proposals and invite their comments. For example, if a
local business is requesting a permit, license, or certificate of approval to release substances into the air or water; these are notified on the registry. Data
includes: Approval for discharge into the natural environment other than water (i.e. Air) - EPA s. 9, Approval for sewage works - OWRA s. 53(1), and 
EPA s. 27 - Approval for a waste disposal site.  For information regarding Permit to Take Water (PTTW), Certificate of Property Use (CPU) and (ORD) 
Orders please refer to those individual databases.
Government Publication Date: 1994-Dec 2016 
CFOT
CHEM
CNG
COAL
CONV
CPU
DRL
EASR
EBR


247
erisinfo.com | Environmental Risk Information Services
Order No: 20170208162
Environmental Compliance Approval:
Provincial
rr-ECA-bb
On October 31, 2011, a smarter, faster environmental approvals system came into effect in Ontario. In the past, a business had to apply for multiple 
approvals (known as certificates of approval) for individual processes and pieces of equipment. Today, a business either registers itself, or applies for a 
single approval, depending on the types of activities it conducts. Businesses whose activities aren't subject to the EASR may apply for an ECA. A single 
ECA addresses all of a business's emissions, discharges and wastes. Separate approvals for air, noise and waste are no longer required. This database
will also include Renewable Energy Approvals. For certificates of approval prior to Nov 1st, 2011, please refer to the CA database.  For all Waste 
Disposal Sites please refer to the WDS database.
Government Publication Date: Oct 2011-Nov 2016 
Environmental Effects Monitoring:
Federal
rr-EEM-bb
The Environmental Effects Monitoring program assesses the effects of effluent from industrial or other sources on fish, fish habitat and human usage of 
fisheries resources.  Since 1992, pulp and paper mills have been required to conduct EEM studies under the Pulp and Paper Effluent Regulations.  This 
database provides information on the mill name, geographical location and sub-lethal toxicity data.
Government Publication Date: 1992-2007* 
ERIS Historical Searches:
Private
rr-EHS-bb
ERIS has compiled a database of all environmental risk reports completed since March 1999.  Available fields for this database include: site location, 
date of report, type of report, and search radius. As per all other databases, the ERIS database can be referenced on both the map and "Statistical 
Profile" page.
Government Publication Date: 1999-Aug 2016 
Environmental Issues Inventory System:
Federal
rr-EIIS-bb
The Environmental Issues Inventory System was developed through the implementation of the Environmental Issues and Remediation Plan.  This plan 
was established to determine the location and severity of contaminated sites on inhabited First Nation reserves, and where necessary, to remediate 
those that posed a risk to health and safety; and to prevent future environmental problems.  The EIIS provides information on the reserve under 
investigation, inventory number, name of site, environmental issue, site action (Remediation, Site Assessment), and date investigation completed.
Government Publication Date: 1992-2001* 
Emergency Management Historical Event:
Provincial
rr-EMHE-bb
The Emergency Management Historical Event data class will store the locations of historical occurrences of emergency events. Events captured will 
include those assigned to the Ministry of Natural Resources by Order-In-Council (OIC) under the Emergency Management and Civil Protection Act as 
well as events where MNR provided requested emergency response assistance. Many of these events will have involved community evacuations, 
significant structural loss, and/or involvement of MNR emergency response staff. These events fall into one of ten (10) type categories: Dam Failure; 
Drought / Low Water; Erosion; Flood; Forest Fire; Soil and Bedrock Instability; Petroleum Resource Center Event, EMO Requested Assistance, 
Continuity of Operations Event, Other Requested Assistance.
Government Publication Date: May 31, 2014 
List of TSSA Expired Facilities:
Provincial
rr-EXP-bb
This is a list of all expired facilities that fall under the TSSA (TSSA Act & Safety Regulations), including the six regulations that exist under the Fuels 
Safety Division.  It will include facilities such as private fuel outlets, bulk plants, fuel oil tanks, gasoline stations, marinas, propane filling stations, liquid 
fuel tanks, piping systems, etc.  These tanks have been removed and automatically fall under the expired facilities inventory held by TSSA.
Government Publication Date: Oct 31, 2016 
Federal Convictions:
Federal
rr-FCON-bb
Environment Canada maintains a database referred to as the "Environmental Registry" that details prosecutions under the Canadian Environmental 
Protection Act (CEPA) and the Fisheries Act (FA). Information is provided on the company name, location, charge date, offence and penalty.
Government Publication Date: 1988-Jun 2007* 
Contaminated Sites on Federal Land:
Federal
rr-FCS-bb
The Federal Contaminated Sites Inventory includes information on known federal contaminated sites under the custodianship of departments, agencies 
and consolidated Crown corporations as well as those that are being or have been investigated to determine whether they have contamination arising 
from past use that could pose a risk to human health or the environment. The inventory also includes non-federal contaminated sites for which the 
Government of Canada has accepted some or all financial responsibility. It does not include sites where contamination has been caused by, and which 
are under the control of, enterprise Crown corporations, private individuals, firms or other levels of government.
Government Publication Date: June 2000-Oct 2015 
Fisheries & Oceans Fuel Tanks:
Federal
rr-FOFT-bb
Fisheries & Oceans Canada maintains an inventory of aboveground & underground fuel storage tanks located on Fisheries & Oceans property or 
controlled by DFO.  Our inventory provides information on the site name, location, tank owner, tank operator, facility type, storage tank location, tank 
contents & capacity, and date of tank installation.
Government Publication Date: 1964-Sept 2003 
ECA
EEM
EHS
EIIS
EMHE
EXP
FCON
FCS
FOFT


248
erisinfo.com | Environmental Risk Information Services
Order No: 20170208162
Fuel Storage Tank:
Provincial
rr-FST-bb
The Technical Standards & Safety Authority (TSSA), under the Technical Standards & Safety Act of 2000 maintains a database of registered private and
retail fuel storage tanks in Ontario with fields such as location, tank status, license date, tank type, tank capacity, fuel type, installation year and facility 
type.
Government Publication Date: Oct 31, 2016 
Fuel Storage Tank - Historic:
Provincial
rr-FSTH-bb
The Fuels Safety Branch of the Ontario Ministry of Consumer and Commercial Relations maintained a database of all registered private fuel storage 
tanks. Public records of private fuel storage tanks are only available since the registration became effective in September 1989. This information is now 
collected by the Technical Standards and Safety Authority.
Government Publication Date: Pre-Jan 2010* 
Ontario Regulation 347 Waste Generators Summary:
Provincial
rr-GEN-bb
Regulation 347 of the Ontario EPA defines a waste generation site as any site, equipment and/or operation involved in the production, collection, 
handling and/or storage of regulated wastes.  A generator of regulated waste is required to register the waste generation site and each waste produced, 
collected, handled, or stored at the site.  This database contains the registration number, company name and address of registered generators including
the types of hazardous wastes generated. It includes data on waste generating facilities such as: drycleaners, waste treatment and disposal facilities, 
machine shops, electric power distribution etc. This information is a summary of all years from 1986 including the most currently available data.  Some 
records may contain, within the company name, the phrase "See & Use..." followed by a series of letters and numbers.  This occurs when one company 
is amalgamated with or taken over by another registered company.  The number listed as "See & Use", refers to the new ownership and the other 
identification number refers to the original ownership.   This phrase serves as a link between the 2 companies until operations have been fully 
transferred.
Government Publication Date: 1986-Sep 2016 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions from Large Facilities:
Federal
rr-GHG-bb
List of greenhouse gas emissions from large facilities made available by Environment Canada. Greenhouse gas emissions in kilotonnes of carbon 
dioxide equivalents (kt CO2 eq).
Government Publication Date: 2013 - Dec 2014 
TSSA Historic Incidents:
Provincial
rr-HINC-bb
This database will cover all incidences recorded by TSSA with their older system, before they moved to their new management system. TSSA's Fuels 
Safety Program administers the Technical Standards & Safety Act 2000, providing fuel-related safety services associated with the safe transportation, 
storage, handling and use of fuels such as gasoline, diesel, propane, natural gas and hydrogen. Under this Act, TSSA regulates fuel suppliers, storage 
facilities, transport trucks, pipelines, contractors and equipment or appliances that use fuels. The TSSA works to protect the public, the environment and 
property from fuel-related hazards such as spills, fires and explosions. This database will include spills and leaks from pipelines, diesel, fuel oil, gasoline,
natural gas, propane and hydrogen recorded by the TSSA.
Government Publication Date: 2006-June 2009* 
Indian & Northern Affairs Fuel Tanks:
Federal
rr-IAFT-bb
The Department of Indian & Northern Affairs Canada (INAC) maintains an inventory of aboveground & underground fuel storage tanks located on both 
federal and crown land.  Our inventory provides information on the reserve name, location, facility type, site/facility name, tank type, material & ID 
number, tank contents & capacity, and date of tank installation.
Government Publication Date: 1950-Aug 2003* 
TSSA Incidents:
Provincial
rr-INC-bb
TSSA's Fuels Safety Program administers the Technical Standards & Safety Act 2000, providing fuel-related safety services associated with the safe 
transportation, storage, handling and use of fuels such as gasoline, diesel, propane, natural gas and hydrogen. Under this Act, TSSA regulates fuel 
suppliers, storage facilities, transport trucks, pipelines, contractors and equipment or appliances that use fuels. Includes incidents from fuel-related 
hazards such as spills, fires and explosions. This database will include spills and leaks from diesel, fuel oil, gasoline, natural gas, propane and hydrogen
recorded by the TSSA.
Government Publication Date: Oct 31, 2016 
Landfill Inventory Management Ontario:
Provincial
rr-LIMO-bb
The Landfill Inventory Management Ontario (LIMO) database is updated every year, as the ministry compiles new and updated information.  The 
inventory will include small and large landfills. Additionally, each year the ministry will request operators of the larger landfills complete a landfill data 
collection form that will be used to update LIMO and will include the following information from the previous operating year. This will include additional 
information such as estimated amount of total waste received, landfill capacity, estimated total remaining landfill capacity, fill rates, engineering designs, 
reporting and monitoring details, size of location, service area, approved waste types, leachate of site treatment, contaminant attenuation zone and 
more. The small landfills will include information such as site owner, site location and certificate of approval # and status.
Government Publication Date: Dec 31, 2013 
FST
FSTH
GEN
GHG
HINC
IAFT
INC
LIMO


249
erisinfo.com | Environmental Risk Information Services
Order No: 20170208162
Canadian Mine Locations:
Private
rr-MINE-bb
This information is collected from the Canadian & American Mines Handbook.  The Mines database is a national database that provides over 290 
listings on mines (listed as public companies) dealing primarily with precious metals and hard rocks.  Listed are mines that are currently in operation, 
closed, suspended, or are still being developed (advanced projects).   Their locations are provided as geographic coordinates (x, y and/or longitude, 
latitude).  As of 2002, data pertaining to Canadian smelters and refineries has been appended to this database.
Government Publication Date: 1998-2009* 
Mineral Occurrences:
Provincial
rr-MNR-bb
In the early 70's, the Ministry of Northern Development and Mines created an inventory of approximately 19,000 mineral occurrences in Ontario, in 
regard to metallic and industrial minerals, as well as some information on building stones and aggregate deposits.  Please note that the "Horizontal 
Positional Accuracy" is approximately +/- 200 m.  Many reference elements for each record were derived from field sketches using pace or chain/tape 
measurements against claim posts or topographic features in the area.  The primary limiting factor for the level of positional accuracy is the scale of the 
source material. The testing of horizontal accuracy of the source materials was accomplished by comparing the plan metric (X and Y) coordinates of that
point with the coordinates of the same point as defined from a source of higher accuracy.
Government Publication Date: 1846-Feb 2016 
National Analysis of Trends in Emergencies System (NATES):
Federal
rr-NATE-bb
In 1974 Environment Canada established the National Analysis of Trends in Emergencies System (NATES) database, for the voluntary reporting of 
significant spill incidents.  The data was to be used to assist in directing the work of the emergencies program. NATES ran from 1974 to 1994.  
Extensive information is available within this database including company names, place where the spill occurred, date of spill, cause, reason and source
of spill, damage incurred, and amount, concentration, and volume of materials released.
Government Publication Date: 1974-1994* 
Non-Compliance Reports:
Provincial
rr-NCPL-bb
The Ministry of the Environment provides information about non-compliant discharges of contaminants to air and water that exceed legal allowable 
limits, from regulated industrial and municipal facilities.  A reported non-compliance failure may be in regard to a Control Order, Certificate of Approval, 
Sectoral Regulation or specific regulation/act.
Government Publication Date: Dec 31, 2014 
National Defense & Canadian Forces Fuel Tanks:
Federal
rr-NDFT-bb
The Department of National Defense and the Canadian Forces maintains an inventory of all aboveground & underground fuel storage tanks located on 
DND lands.  Our inventory provides information on the base name, location, tank type & capacity, tank contents, tank class, date of tank installation, 
date tank last used, and status of tank as of May 2001.  This database will no longer be updated due to the new National Security protocols which have 
prohibited any release of this database.
Government Publication Date: Up to May 2001* 
National Defense & Canadian Forces Spills:
Federal
rr-NDSP-bb
The Department of National Defense and the Canadian Forces maintains an inventory of spills to land and water.  All spill sites have been classified 
under the "Transportation of Dangerous Goods Act - 1992".  Our inventory provides information on the facility name, location, spill ID #, spill date, type 
of spill, as well as the quantity of substance spilled & recovered.
Government Publication Date: Mar 1999-Aug 2010 
National Defence & Canadian Forces Waste Disposal Sites:
Federal
rr-NDWD-bb
The Department of National Defence and the Canadian Forces maintains an inventory of waste disposal sites located on DND lands.  Where available, 
our inventory provides information on the base name, location, type of waste received, area of site, depth of site, year site opened/closed and status.
Government Publication Date: 2001-Apr 2007* 
National Energy Board Wells:
Federal
rr-NEBW-bb
The NEBW database contains information on onshore & offshore oil and gas wells that are outside provincial jurisdiction(s) and are thereby regulated by
the National Energy Board. Data is provided regarding the operator, well name, well ID No./UWI, status, classification, well depth, spud and release 
date.
Government Publication Date: 1920-Feb 2003* 
MINE
MNR
NATE
NCPL
NDFT
NDSP
NDWD
NEBW


250
erisinfo.com | Environmental Risk Information Services
Order No: 20170208162
National Environmental Emergencies System (NEES):
Federal
rr-NEES-bb
In 2000, the Emergencies program implemented NEES, a reporting system for spills of hazardous substances.  For the most part, this system only 
captured data from the Atlantic Provinces, some from Quebec and Ontario and a portion from British Columbia. Data for Alberta, Saskatchewan, 
Manitoba and the Territories was not captured. However, NEES is also a repository for previous Environment Canada spill datasets.  NEES is 
composed of the historic datasets ' or Trends ' which dates from approximately 1974 to present. NEES Trends is a compilation of historic databases, 
which were merged and includes data from NATES (National Analysis of Trends in Emergencies System), ARTS (Atlantic Regional Trends System), 
and NEES.  In 2001, the Emergencies Program determined that variations in reporting regimes and requirements between federal and provincial 
agencies made national spill reporting and trend analysis difficult to achieve. As a consequence, the department has focused efforts on capturing data 
on spills of substances which fall under its legislative authority only (CEPA and FA). As such, the NEES database will be decommissioned in December 
2004.
Government Publication Date: 1974-2003* 
National PCB Inventory:
Federal
rr-NPCB-bb
Environment Canada's National PCB inventory includes information on in-use PCB containing equipment in Canada including federal, provincial and 
private facilities.  Federal out-of-service PCB containing equipment and PCB waste owned by the federal government or by federally regulated industries
such as airlines, railway companies, broadcasting companies, telephone and telecommunications companies, pipeline companies, etc. are also listed. 
Although it is not Environment Canada's mandate to collect data on non-federal PCB waste, the National PCB inventory includes some information on 
provincial and private PCB waste and storage sites. Some addresses provided may be Head Office addresses and are not necessarily the location of 
where the waste is being used or stored.
Government Publication Date: 1988-2008* 
National Pollutant Release Inventory:
Federal
rr-NPRI-bb
Environment Canada has defined the National Pollutant Release Inventory ("NPRI") as a federal government initiative designed to collect 
comprehensive national data regarding releases to air, water, or land, and waste transfers for recycling for more than 300 listed substances.
Government Publication Date: 1993-2014 
Oil and Gas Wells:
Private
rr-OGW-bb
The Nickle's Energy Group (publisher of the Daily Oil Bulletin) collects information on drilling activity including operator and well statistics.  The well 
information database includes name, location, class, status and depth.  The main Nickle's database is updated on a daily basis, however, this database 
is updated on a monthly basis.  More information is available at www.nickles.com.
Government Publication Date: 1988-Jun 2016 
Ontario Oil and Gas Wells:
Provincial
rr-OOGW-bb
In 1998, the MNR handed over to the Ontario Oil, Gas and Salt Resources Corporation, the responsibility of maintaining a database of oil and gas wells 
drilled in Ontario.  The OGSR Library has over 20,000+ wells in their database. Information available for all wells in the ERIS database include well 
owner/operator, location, permit issue date, and well cap date, license No., status, depth and the primary target (rock unit) of the well being drilled.  All 
geology/stratigraphy table information, plus all water table information is also provide for each well record.
Government Publication Date: 1800-Oct 2016 
Inventory of PCB Storage Sites:
Provincial
rr-OPCB-bb
The Ontario Ministry of Environment, Waste Management Branch, maintains an inventory of PCB storage sites within the province.  Ontario Regulation 
11/82 (Waste Management - PCB) and Regulation 347 (Generator Waste Management) under the Ontario EPA requires the registration of inactive PCB
storage equipment and/or disposal sites of PCB waste with the Ontario Ministry of Environment.  This database contains information on:  1) waste 
quantities; 2) major and minor sites storing liquid or solid waste; and 3) a waste storage inventory.
Government Publication Date: 1987-Oct 2004; 2012-Dec 2013 
Orders:
Provincial
rr-ORD-bb
This is a subset taken from Ontario's Environmental Registry (EBR) database.  It will include all Orders on the registry such as (EPA s. 17) - Order for 
remedial work, (EPA s. 18) - Order for preventative measures, (EPA s. 43) - Order for removal of waste and restoration of site, (EPA s. 44) - Order for 
conformity with Act for waste disposal sites, (EPA s. 136) - Order for performance of environmental measures.
Government Publication Date: 1994-Dec 2016 
Canadian Pulp and Paper:
Private
rr-PAP-bb
This information is part of the Pulp and Paper Canada Directory. The Directory provides a comprehensive listing of the locations of pulp and paper mills 
and the products that they produce.
Government Publication Date: 1999, 2002, 2004, 2005, 2009 
Parks Canada Fuel Storage Tanks:
Federal
rr-PCFT-bb
Canadian Heritage maintains an inventory of known fuel storage tanks operated by Parks Canada, in both National Parks and at National Historic Sites.
The database details information on site name, location, tank install/removal date, capacity, fuel type, facility type, tank design and owner/operator.
Government Publication Date: 1920-Jan 2005* 
NEES
NPCB
NPRI
OGW
OOGW
OPCB
ORD
PAP
PCFT


251
erisinfo.com | Environmental Risk Information Services
Order No: 20170208162
Pesticide Register:
Provincial
rr-PES-bb
The Ontario Ministry of the Environment and Climate Change maintains a database of licensed operators and vendors of registered pesticides.
Government Publication Date: 1988-Oct 2016 
TSSA Pipeline Incidents:
Provincial
rr-PINC-bb
TSSA's Fuels Safety Program administers the Technical Standards & Safety Act 2000, providing fuel-related safety services associated with the safe 
transportation, storage, handling and use of fuels such as gasoline, diesel, propane, natural gas and hydrogen. Under this Act, TSSA regulates fuel 
suppliers, storage facilities, transport trucks, pipelines, contractors and equipment or appliances that use fuels. This database will include spills, strike 
and leaks from recorded by the TSSA.
Government Publication Date: Oct 31, 2016 
Private and Retail Fuel Storage Tanks:
Provincial
rr-PRT-bb
The Fuels Safety Branch of the Ontario Ministry of Consumer and Commercial Relations maintained a database of all registered private fuel storage 
tanks and licensed retail fuel outlets. This database includes an inventory of locations that have gasoline, oil, waste oil, natural gas and/or propane 
storage tanks on their property.  The MCCR no longer collects this information.   This information is now collected by the Technical Standards and 
Safety Authority (TSSA).
Government Publication Date: 1989-1996* 
Permit to Take Water:
Provincial
rr-PTTW-bb
This is a subset taken from Ontario's Environmental Registry (EBR) database.  It will include all PTTW's on the registry such as OWRA s. 34 - Permit to 
take water.
Government Publication Date: 1994-Dec 2016 
Ontario Regulation 347 Waste Receivers Summary:
Provincial
rr-REC-bb
Part V of the Ontario Environmental Protection Act ("EPA") regulates the disposal of regulated waste through an operating waste management system 
or a waste disposal site operated or used pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Certificate of Approval or a Provisional Certificate of Approval.  
Regulation 347 of the Ontario EPA defines a waste receiving site as any site or facility to which waste is transferred by a waste carrier.  A receiver of 
regulated waste is required to register the waste receiving facility.  This database represents registered receivers of regulated wastes, identified by 
registration number, company name and address, and includes receivers of waste such as: landfills, incinerators, transfer stations, PCB storage sites, 
sludge farms and water pollution control plants.  This information is a summary of all years from 1986 including the most currently available data.
Government Publication Date: 1986-2013 
Record of Site Condition:
Provincial
rr-RSC-bb
The Record of Site Condition (RSC) is part of the Ministry of the Environment's Brownfields Environmental Site Registry. Protection from environmental 
cleanup orders for property owners is contingent upon documentation known as a record of site condition (RSC) being filed in the Environmental Site 
Registry. In order to file an RSC, the property must have been properly assessed and shown to meet the soil, sediment and groundwater standards 
appropriate for the use (such as residential) proposed to take place on the property. The Record of Site Condition Regulation (O. Reg. 153/04) details 
requirements related to site assessment and clean up. 
RSCs filed after July 1, 2011 will also be included as part of the new (O.Reg. 511/09).
Government Publication Date: 1997-Sept 2001, Oct 2004-Dec 2016 
Retail Fuel Storage Tanks:
Private
rr-RST-bb
This database includes an inventory of retail fuel outlet locations (including marinas) that have on their property gasoline, oil, waste oil, natural gas and / 
or propane storage tanks.
Government Publication Date: Oct 31, 2016 
Scott's Manufacturing Directory:
Private
rr-SCT-bb
Scott's Directories is a data bank containing information on over 200,000 manufacturers across Canada. Even though Scott's listings are voluntary, it is 
the most comprehensive database of Canadian manufacturers available. Information concerning a company's address, plant size, and main products 
are included in this database.
Government Publication Date: 1992-Mar 2011* 
Ontario Spills:
Provincial
rr-SPL-bb
This database identifies information such as location (approximate), type and quantity of contaminant, date of spill, environmental impact, cause, nature 
of impact, etc.  Information from 1988-2002 was part of the ORIS (Occurrence Reporting Information System).  The SAC (Spills Action Centre) handles 
all spills reported in Ontario. Regulations for spills in Ontario are part of the MOE's Environmental Protection Act, Part X.
Government Publication Date: 1988-Dec 2016 
PES
PINC
PRT
PTTW
REC
RSC
RST
SCT
SPL


252
erisinfo.com | Environmental Risk Information Services
Order No: 20170208162
Wastewater Discharger Registration Database:
Provincial
rr-SRDS-bb
Information under this heading is combination of the following 2 programs.  The Municipal/Industrial Strategy for Abatement (MISA) division of the 
Ontario Ministry of Environment maintained a database of all direct dischargers of toxic pollutants within nine sectors including:  Electric Power 
Generation; Mining; Petroleum Refining; Organic Chemicals; Inorganic Chemicals; Pulp & Paper; Metal Casting; Iron & Steel; and Quarries.  All 
sampling information is now collected and stored within the Sample Result Data Store (SRDS).
Government Publication Date: 1990-2014 
Anderson's Storage Tanks:
Private
rr-TANK-bb
The information provided in this database was collected by examining various historical documents, which identified the location of former storage tanks,
containing substances such as fuel, water, gas, oil, and other various types of miscellaneous products.  Information is available in regard to business 
operating at tank site, tank location, permit year, permit & installation type, no. of tanks installed & configuration and tank capacity.  Data contained 
within this database pertains only to the city of Toronto and is not warranted to be complete, exhaustive or authoritative.  The information was collected 
for research purposes only.
Government Publication Date: 1915-1953* 
Transport Canada Fuel Storage Tanks:
Federal
rr-TCFT-bb
List of fuel storage tanks currently or previously owned or operated by Transport Canada.  This inventory also includes tanks on The Pickering Lands, 
which refers to 7,530 hectares (18,600 acres) of land in Pickering, Markham, and Uxbridge owned by the Government of Canada since 1972; properties 
on this land has been leased by the government since 1975, and falls under the Site Management Policy of Transport Canada, but is administered by 
Public Works and Government Services Canada. This inventory provides information on the site name, location, tank age, capacity and fuel type.
Government Publication Date: 1970-Jan 2015 
TSSA Variances for Abandonment of Underground Storage Tanks:
Provincial
rr-VAR-bb
The TSSA, under the Liquid Fuels Handling Code and the Fuel Oil Code, all underground storage tanks must be removed within two years of disuse. If 
removal of a tank is not feasible, you may apply to seek a variance from this code requirement. This is a list of all variances granted for abandoned 
tanks.
Government Publication Date: Oct 31, 2016 
Waste Disposal Sites - MOE CA Inventory:
Provincial
rr-WDS-bb
The Ontario Ministry of Environment, Waste Management Branch, maintains an inventory of known open (active or inactive) and closed disposal sites in
the Province of Ontario. Active sites maintain a Certificate of Approval, are approved to receive and are receiving waste. Inactive sites maintain 
Certificate(s) of Approval but are not receiving waste. Closed sites are not receiving waste. The data contained within this database was compiled from 
the MOE's Certificate of Approval database. Locations of these sites may be cross-referenced to the Anderson database described under ERIS's Private
Source Database section, by the CA number. All new Environmental Compliance Approvals handed out after Oct 31, 2011 for Waste Disposal Sites will 
still be found in this database.
Government Publication Date: 1970-Nov 2016 
Waste Disposal Sites - MOE 1991 Historical Approval Inventory:
Provincial
rr-WDSH-bb
In June 1991, the Ontario Ministry of Environment, Waste Management Branch, published the "June 1991 Waste Disposal Site Inventory", of all known 
active and closed waste disposal sites as of October 30st, 1990.  For each "active" site as of October 31st 1990, information is provided on site location, 
site/CA number, waste type, site status and site classification.  For each "closed" site as of October 31st 1990, information is provided on site location, 
site/CA number, closure date and site classification.  Locations of these sites may be cross-referenced to the Anderson database described under 
ERIS's Private Source Database section, by the CA number.
Government Publication Date: Up to Oct 1990* 
Water Well Information System:
Provincial
rr-WWIS-bb
This database describes locations and characteristics of water wells found within Ontario in accordance with Regulation 903.  It includes such 
information as coordinates, construction date, well depth, primary and secondary use, pump rate, static water level, well status, etc.  Also included are 
detailed stratigraphy information, approximate depth to bedrock and the approximate depth to the water table.
Government Publication Date: Jun 30, 2016 
SRDS
TANK
TCFT
VAR
WDS
WDSH
WWIS


253
erisinfo.com | Environmental Risk Information Services
Order No: 20170208162
h-Definitions
Database Descriptions: This section provides a detailed explanation for each database including: source, information available, time coverage, and
acronyms used. They are listed in alphabetic order.
Detail Report: This is the section of the report which provides the most detail for each individual record. Records are summarized by location, starting
with the project property followed by records in closest proximity.
Distance: The distance value is the distance between plotted points, not necessarily the distance between the sites' boundaries. All values are an
approximation.
Direction:  The direction value is the compass direction of the site in respect to the project property and/or center point of the report.
Elevation: The elevation value is taken from the location at which the records for the site address have been plotted. All values are an approximation.
Source: Google Elevation API.
Executive Summary: This portion of the report is divided into 3 sections:
'Report Summary'- Displays a chart indicating how many records fall on the project property and, within the report search radii.
'Site Report Summary'-Project Property'- This section lists all the records which fall on the project property. For more details, see the 'Detail Report'
section.
'Site Report Summary-Surrounding Properties'- This section summarizes all records on adjacent properties, listing them in order of proximity from the
project property. For more details, see the 'Detail Report' section.
Map Key: The map key number is assigned according to closest proximity from the project property. Map Key numbers always start at #1. The project
property will always have a map key of '1' if records are available. If there is a number in brackets beside the main number, this will indicate the number
of records on that specific property. If there is no number in brackets, there is only one record for that property.
The symbol and colour used indicates 'elevation': the red inverted triangle will dictate 'ERIS Sites with Lower Elevation', the yellow triangle will dictate
'ERIS Sites with Higher Elevation' and the orange square will dictate 'ERIS Sites with Same Elevation.'
Unplottables: These are records that could not be mapped due to various reasons, including limited geographic information. These records may or
may not be in your study area, and are included as reference.
Definitions


 
 
Appendix F: City Directory Summary 


Progress Consilium Developments Limited 
Draft Phase One Environmental Site Assessment 
670, 680,  690 Progress Avenue, Toronto, ON 
BIG-ENV-144 
April 2019 
 
 
City Directory Summary 
Phase One Environmental Site Assessment 
670, 680, 690 Progress Avenue, Toronto, Ontario 
BIG-ENV-144 
  
Year 
2000 
1995 
1991 
1985/86 
1980 
1975 
1971 
1965 
1960 
Site:  670, 680, 690 Progress Avenue 
670 
-All Lift Ltd 
-Art Garden Teak Furniture 
-Cases Unlimited 
-Childerhose & Miklas 
Corporation 
-Devry Institute of 
Technology 
-GBA Refineries Ltd 
-Harbour Point Office 
Furniture Inc 
Marna Construction 
-Nedco 
-RC Champ Inc 
-Tropicana Community 
Services 
-Res (1 tenant) 
-All Lift Ltd 
-BDH Computers 
Systems Inc 
-Cooltec Coolers 
-GBA Refineries 
-Javin Sportswear 
-Microhouse Systems 
-Toronto Sewing Ctr 
-Lee Craft Industries Ltd 
-Aetna Canada Printing 
Dept 
-Toronto Sewing Centre 
-Fasco Floorex 
-Diversified Impressions 
-GBA Refineries Ltd 
-BDH Computer Systems 
Inc 
-Argon Hoist 
-Communications Devices Inc 
-Lee Craft Industries Ltd 
-Flooring Accessories Supply 
Co 
-Diversified Impressions 
-Hudson Bay Wholesale 
Vending 
-Hudson Bay Wholesale 
-KEntrack 
-GB Sales 
-Combustion & Energy 
Systems Ltd 
-Recirc Systems Ltd 
-Can-Ener-Sav 
-Flooring Accessories Supply 
Co 
-Diversified Impressions 
-Hudson Bay Wholesale 
Vending 
-Hudson Bay Wholesale 
Not Listed 
680 
Christian Broadcasting 
Associates Inc 
-Coffee Time Donuts 
-Siam Thai Boxing Club 
-All Pro Electronics 
-Christian Broadcasting 
Associates Inc 
-Eurasian Concepts Inc 
-Express Airborne  
-Satellite Specialty SVC 
-Sun Sun Promotions & 
Packaging 
-Telebell Canada 
-Carrier Canada Ltd auto 
parts 
-Amberwood Htg & Air 
Conditioning 
-Seven Hundred Club 
-Christian Broadcasting 
Associates Inc 
-Galactic Knitting Ltd 
-Gerrit’s Heating & Air 
Conditioning 
-Malpack Polybag Co Ltd 
-Cherrigold Ltd 
-Algate Construction Ltd 
-Magnolia Builders 
-Gerrit’s Heating & Air 
Conditioning 
-Malpack Polybag Co Ltd 
-Mil Mac Communications 
-Dominion Blank Book Co Ltd 
-Savoy Business Forms Ltd 
-Amphenol Canada 
Not Listed 
